---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: ' Some of my formative favorites.'
datePublished: '2016-04-28T03:53:50.982Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-28T03:53:15.660Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-02-quotes.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
starred: false
url: quotes/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
Some of my formative favorites.

> What does it profit a man to gain the whole world but loose his own soul. 
> 
> -Jesus Christ

> Each of us has the world's most advanced computer. It is capable of producing levels of achievement beyond anything most of us have ever imagined. But to optimize its use and achieve the high levels of success and happiness that each of us is capable of attaining, our computer must be programmed with the right software. And Solomon offers the greatest software system ever packaged. He calls it "wisdom."
> 
> -Steven Scott

> When an idea pops into our head and we think, 'No, this is too crazy.' ... that's the idea we want. 
> 
> -Steven Pressfield

> Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. 
> 
> -Albert Einstein in a letter to his son Eduard   
> (5 February 1930)

> Jenny, Jenny! Don't fret yerself...I believe God made me for a purpose, but he also made me fast. And when I run I feel His pleasure.   
> -Eric Liddell to sister in Chariots of Fire   
> (1981)

> "Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of high intentions, sincere effort, intelligent direction, and skillful execution. It represents the wise choice of many alternatives."   
> -Unknown

> "I once was lost | blind | dead, but now I('m) found | see | live. Let my lifesong sing to You."   
> -Casting Crowns

> It is one thing to rise quickly, another not to fall.   
> -Augustine

> Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action."   
> --Benjamin Disraeli

> "manic-depressive symptoms are just part of entrepreneurship."   
> -Tim Ferris

> Onward!   
> -Darren Clark